Let's try something.
I have to go to sleep.
Today is June 18th and it is Muiriel's birthday!
Muiriel is 20 now.
The password is "Muiriel".
I will be back soon.
I'm at a loss for words.
This is never going to end.
I just don't know what to say.
That was an evil bunny.
I was in the mountains.
Is it a recent picture?
I don't know if I have the time.
Education in this world disappoints me.
You're in better shape than I am.
You are in my way.
This will cost €30.
I make €100 a day.
I may give up soon and just nap instead.
It's because you don't want to be alone.
Tom is wondering about what to do next.
Tom is willing to do that for you.
Tom is willing to do almost anything for money.
Tom is well paid for the work he does.
Tom is well aware of the problem.
Tom is wearing a heavy coat and gloves.
Tom is wanted by the FBI for kidnapping.
Tom is waiting to see what will happen.
Tom is waiting to see how things will develop.
Tom is waiting for you inside.
Tom is waiting for you at the front door.
Tom is very tired.
Tom is very tall.
Tom is very stingy.
Tom is very smart.
Tom is hunting for a job.
Tom is hoping that he can hitch a ride to Boston.
Tom is his usual self today.
Tom is his own worst enemy.
They think their language is the most beautiful in the world.
What's the most beautiful language in the world?
Is it true that there are beautiful and ugly languages?
They say that their language is the most beautiful in the world.
All the languages of the world are beautiful.
All the languages of the world are rich.
Some verbs in some languages can have up to one hundred different meanings.
I am not talking about myself.
I want to meet some Native Americans.
I want to visit a Native American reservation.
Can you speak any Native American language?
Tom told you the wrong price.
Tom recommended a reasonably-priced hotel.
Tom put up a notice about the change in price.
Tom paid the ultimate price.
Tom negotiated a lower price.
Tom looked at the price tag once again.
Tom looked at the price tag and shook his head.
I'll sell you this at a very reasonable price.
I'll sell this to you if you're willing to pay the price.
I'll knock three dollars off the price per unit.
I'll give you a fair price.